//Need

In this Era it's our need to use the latest technologies for our country entire system as we all know that in our country the record are still manged 
on paper and it's hard to find the record on spot. Need of this system starts from here that in now a days crime rate is too much high and it's difficult to 
manage there record in differen areas of our country, manay prisoners are still in lockup and many criminals were released and some of them are still doing 
criminal activities and after they had caught some of there record will be missing because it's not centrilized at any place.  We are introducing this system for managing
the records of the criminals and in this system the whole country jails will have centerlized database. Which will help our Agencies to access the record of any 
criminal with in time and they will be able to know his history within short period of time.



//Working



This system has android module and a server modules. Agencies who'll use this system login to the system and entered the record of the criminals capture the images 
of criminals and that image will be sent to the server. After sending that image to the server server will be responsible for training that image. In training phase
server will pick multiple images sent from agencies and train them like fixing there coordinates and angles according to its recognition phase and then store them 
in database. After this phase server pick up those images and match them with database all previously store images by matching there coordinates and angles which 
server had already stored in database. Now there are two type of responses which will be returned by the server after recognition of image it'll be positive or 
negative reponse. if the image will be recognised server will pickup it's all data and it's crime history and return to the agencies and ask for the new record 
entery, and if there is no record found then it'll just return no record found and it'll ask agencies to enter the criminals record.


On Server Side there is also Login model which will connect you to the database and user will be able to see the whole record of all the criminals and he'll be
able to see his all records and all the crimes which he'd attempted he'll be able to see its full history name, address, crimes etc everything which will be 
collected by the users.



//Features



01-  Image Capturing
02-  Image Training
03-  Setting Cordinates of Image
04-  Setting Angles of Image
05-  Storing Image
06-  Image Recognition
07-  Matching Coordinates
08-  Matching Angles
09-  Sending Response
10- Getting New Records of Criminal



//Technoligies



01- PHP Laravel
02- Android



//How to Use



User will login to the system he'll enter the details of the Criminal. After that user will upload the crimal's Images and the server will perform operations
on those images. First server will train those images and then recognise them by matching them from database and return the response to the user. If the image
will be recognised server will pickup it's all data and it's crime history and return to the user and ask for the new record entery, and if there is no 
record found then it'll just return no record found and it'll ask user to enter the criminals record.

On Server Side there is also Login Model which will connect you to the database and user will be able to see the whole record of all the criminals and 
he'll be able to see his all records and all the crimes which he'd attempted he'll be able to see its full history name, address, crimes etc everything 
which will be collected by the users.



